Privacy Policy

Last Updated: 13. May 2019
This Privacy Policy aims to help you understand what personal information Quicksort uses in order to provide its functionality, and how you can update and delete your information.


Definitions



Quicksort

The "Quicksort" App, which this Privacy Policy applies to.


Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).


Data Collection and Use

We do not collect, process or share any Personal Data from your usage of the Quicksort app.
Quicksort uses dreamlo.com (https://dreamlo.com/) to offer a global online leaderboard, which your highscores will be submitted to fully anonymised under the name "Anonymus". You can choose to change this display name to whatever you like. This name can potentially be viewed by anyone else who uses the Quicksort game. Be mindful of which name you choose for your highscore submissions and don't include any personal or secret information.
Each submitted piece of data consists of a display name which defaults to "Anonymus", a number representing the player's score and a randomly generated piece of text used by the app to distinguish different score submissions with the same display name.


Transfer of Data

The transmission of the highscore data is handled by Unity's own WWW API (https://docs.unity3d.com/2018.3/Documentation/ScriptReference/WWW.html) class.
The highscore data is stored on servers run and managed by Carmine T. Guida (http://www.carmine.com). We cannot guarantee the security of this data.


Security of Data

The security of your data is very important to us, which is why Quicksort only uses the minimal amount of data required to provide its basic and optional functionalities.
The transmission of the highscore data is handled by Unity's own WWW API (https://docs.unity3d.com/2018.3/Documentation/ScriptReference/WWW.html) class.
Please keep in mind that no transmission method of data over the internet is 100% secure and while we strive to keep your data as secure as possible, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you want to be informed about, correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you

You can change the name associated with your highscore in the global leaderboards from within the app. If you are unable to perform this action yourself, or if you wish to have your information removed from the leaderboards, please contact us to assist you.


The right of rectification

You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.


The right to object

You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.


The right of restriction

You have the right to request that the processing of your personal information is restricted.


The right to data portability

You have the right to be provided with a copy of personal information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.


The right to withdraw consent

You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.


Service Providers



Unity3D

Quicksort is made with the Unity3D game engine. Please refer to Unity's Privacy Policy (https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy) for more information on how Unity might collect and process your data while you use Quicksort.


Apple

Apple might collect data while you are using Quicksort on your Apple device. You can find more details on that in their Privacy Policy (https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/).


Links to Other Sites

Quicksort may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on any of these links, you will be redirected to that third party's site. You should always review the Privacy Policy of each site you visit.
We hold no responsibility for the content or policies of any such third party site or service.


Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You should periodically check for changes to this Privacy Policy.


Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
By email: keiwan.donyagard@gmail.com
